README.md, before:

# unitec-rfsend

A simple WiringPi based tool to send the codes required to control self learning wireless electrical outlets, operating on the 433 Mhz band. I wrote it to control wireless outlets from a Raspberry Pi. The tool works with "Unitec" branded outlets (Type: 48110, Receiver: 55006x10) that can be found currently in "Globus" hardware stores in Germany, although my guess is that they are available under a number of different brands and in different countries. Please let me know if it works with your specific brand, and I will update the README accordingly.

## Usage

Unfortunately I was not able to find a pattern in the codes used, so the tool just works with a sequence of binary digits indicating HIGH/LOW signals to be sent. 

To switch on socket A, run the following command:

```
unitec-rfsend 1000101111011010001100000
```

You may use spaces in the code for better readability:

```
unitec-rfsend 1000 1011 1101 1010 0011 0000 0
```

See below for a number of possible codes.


## Model & Signal Data

Type: 48110  
Receiver: 55006x10

```
1 = 975us HIGH, 475us LOW  
0 = 475us HIGH, 975us LOW
```

Delay between datagrams: 1300us

## Codes for controlling the four included outlets:

```
A ON  : 1000 1011 1101 1010 0011 0000 0  
A OFF : 1000 1111 1110 0100 0001 0000 0
B ON  : 1000 1101 1100 0010 0111 0100 0
B OFF : 1000 0010 0011 1111 1010 0100 0
C ON  : 1000 1101 1100 0010 0111 1100 0
C OFF : 1000 0010 0011 1111 1010 1100 0
D ON  : 1000 0010 0011 1111 1010 0010 0  
D OFF : 1000 1101 1100 0010 0111 0010 0
```

Commit message:

Changed to work with (new) protocol

README.md, after:

# unitec-rfsend

This is a fork of [jacobmellin/unitec-rfsend](https://github.com/jacobmellin/unitec-rfsend). The original code didn't work for me so I modified it a little bit. In particular I added sending of a header before each datagram but on the other hand I removed the delay between datagrams.  
I based my research on the implementation done by [guh](https://github.com/guh/guh) for similiar sockets, therefore I switched over to their nomenclature (long pulse is logical zero and short pulse is logical one). Therefore the codes you see may seem "inverted" to you. But to be honest, it works for me, so at least I'm happy :-)

## Usage

Unfortunately I was not able to find a pattern in the codes used, so the tool just works with a sequence of binary digits indicating HIGH/LOW signals to be sent. 

To switch on socket A, run the following command:

```
unitec-rfsend 001011000011111010001111
```

You may use spaces in the code for better readability:

```
unitec-rfsend "0010 1100 0011 1110 1000 1111"
```

See below for a number of possible codes.


## Model & Signal Data

Type: 48110  
Receiver: 55006x10

```
0 = 975us HIGH, 475us LOW  
1 = 475us HIGH, 975us LOW
```

## Codes for controlling the four included outlets:

```
A ON:	0010 1100 0011 1110 1000 1111
A OFF:	0010 0010 0110 0001 0101 1111

B ON:	0010 1100 0011 1110 1000 1011
B OFF:	0010 0010 0110 0001 0101 1011

C ON:	0010 1100 0011 1110 1000 0011
C OFF:	0010 0010 0110 0001 0101 0011
```
